> make a javascript game "connect 5", a 4-player derivative of the classic "connect 4" but the board is 14 wide 12 tall and has 4 colors of pieces, 4 players each trying to get 5 in a row in a round-robin turn based game
> there's a bug where when placing a piece, all the pieces on the board fall again even the ones that are already placed, the already placed ones should never move again after their first drop. Let's change it from 5 in a row wins to 4 in a row wins, and shrink the board from 14 wide 12 tall to 10 wide 9 tall
> ok shrink it further to 9 by 7
> make a cute / simple UI in the lower-right corner with a single slider and 4 buttons to allow changing rows, cols, players, win length - it dynamically updates the board.  The board fills up a % of the viewport vs fixed size
> make the settings pane collapse to be just the words (sliders hide, panel shrinks) when you click outside it. when you change any of the settings except players the game doesn't reset, it continues on. the title "connect 4 x 4" refers to 4 (win length) x 4 (players) so that should update along with the settings also
> The minimum piece size should be much smaller than it is now (so it will autosize to fit the whole board on a reasonable / small screen even)
> the open space dimensions should be the minimum of width/height so that a wide/short or tall/narrow board spaces don't overlap due to them being large in one dimension (large spaces) and small in the other (close together).  They should always have a consistent gap in both x and y dimensions and no large gaps between spaces.  Also for the "current player" - there should be one colored square per player there and an indicator over /inside whichever players move it is.  The settings should be sticky via a cookie to go back to whatever you set them to last.
> even changing players doesn't reset the board, it might cause edge cases but so be it
> make it more obvious when a player wins, the announcement is below the board and often hidden off screen. instead make it near the top and make a confetti.
